welcome back buyer Persona grasshopper
this is module 2 lesson two where you're
going to earn your black belt in
creating B2B buyer personas to refine
your advertising strategy remember
understanding your customer is as
crucial as Landing the perfect crane
kick at the right moment let's put on
our karate Gees and jump into it let's
use this worksheet to walk through the
biggest items you need to know when
developing a Persona whether it's for a
decision maker a champion or an
influencer Persona there's five major
segmentation buckets to consider and
putting together a Persona the five
personas are demographic segmentation
firmographic segmentation Geographic
segmentation technographic segmentation
and behavioral segmentation with each
segmentation there's key information you
should collect to build your personas
which will ultimately inform your
advertising channel strategy targeting
and messaging getting crystal clear on
your buyer Persona will help you
maximize your resources build internal
trust with your sales and service teams
and drive better results so let's walk
through it in the worksheet here's
demographic segmentation this is how
you're going to Target your potential
customer based on their role there's
three main categories in demographic
segmentation You've Got Your Role their
responsibilities and their age for the
role just identify the job titles and
the role that they're in and the level
of the organization that they fall fall
within so for instance if they're in the
SE suite and then what are their roles
the CEO CFO or CMO and then with
responsibilities just identify the key
areas that they oversee and manage and
then put in the age the next is
firmographic this is how you're going to
Target your potential customers based on
the company traits so what's the
company's industry what's the employee
size of the company what's the revenue
size and ultimately what is the
company's competitors the next
segmentation is geographic segmentation
this is where you're going to Target
potential customers based on their
company and physical location so where's
the company and employee locations fill
that out here here's technographic
segmentation
this is where you're going to Target
potential customers based on the tech
they use just insert the tools that they
use on a day-to-day basis here the next
one is behavioral segmentation this is
where you're going to fine-tune your
messaging based on your potential
customers jobs to be done
decision-making processes and more the
first one in behavioral segmentation is
goals this is really going to help
detail what they do in their day-to-day
jobs and what their job is measured by
the next is jobs to be done think of
this as the pain points we're going to
elaborate this on this in the next
module the next is the is the
decision-making process this is just
going to go over how they make decisions
who needs to approve what product and
service is being bought and who signs
the contract next is the evaluation
process this details what they typically
search for buy and spend next one is
objectives and concerns list those out
and the last one is the consumption
behaviors how are they gaining the
information on their jobs are they
consistently using a specific social
media platform are they in different
communities or are they reading report
reports put that in consumption habits
and there you have it those are the five
major segmentation buckets that you're
going to be using to really refine your
buyer Persona and that my advertising
friends is your buyer Persona template
your action item is to use the buyer
Persona worksheet to identify who you're
targeting if you're enjoying the course
and you're finding value in it share it
with your work buddies leave a
testimonial or just share feedback with
us I'll see you in the next lesson
[Music]